New DDoS Protection tile (#2204)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/ddos-protection/src/content/managed-rulesets/adjust-rules/false-negative.md

    </div>
    </details>

    <details>
    <summary>For Magic Transit and Spectrum customers</summary>
    <div>

    1\. In the account home page, open **Network Analytics**.

    2\. Identify the DDoS attack that is having incomplete mitigations. Use the Attack ID number included in the DDoS alert (if you received one), or apply dashboard filters such as destination IP address and port.

    </div>
    </details>

1. Scroll down to the **Activity log**.
1. Click **Edit columns** and enable **Rule ID**\*.
1. Copy the rule ID from one of the DDoS log entries.
1. Navigate to **Firewall** > **DDoS** and click **Configure** next to the Managed Ruleset containing the rule you will adjust.
1. Click **Browse rules** and paste the Rule ID in the search field.
1. Change the rule’s **Action** to _Block_.
1. Click **Next** and then **Save**.

_* Not available in Network Analytics dashboard yet._

<Aside type="warning">

The **DDoS** tab under **Firewall** is currently only available to the WAF/CDN customers.

Magic Transit and Spectrum customers can only adjust the sensitivity level or action of DDoS rules [using the API](/managed-rulesets/network/configure-api).

</Aside>

> Once saved, the rule takes effect within 1 or 2 minutes. The rule adjustment should provide immediate remedy, which you can view in the [analytics dashboard](/reference/analytics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once saved, the rule takes effect within one or two minutes. The rule adjustment should provide immediate remedy, which you can view in the [analytics dashboard](/reference/analytics).
```
